Copyright (C) 2010 Texas Instruments Incorporated -  http://www.ti.com/
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED


Introduction
------------

These notes cover release Beta-1.2

This release contains builds that have been tested on Windows, and under Linux
for the x86-64, the ARM running on the Beagle Board (www.beagleboard.org).
Slightly older versions of the code have run successfully on the Logic TI Zoom
OMAP MDP, and the Mistral TI OMAP3503 EVM, and so the present release should
also work on those platforms. Since the TIesr code is written in C/C++, one
should also be able to easily build it for other platforms.

Changes in This Release
-----------------------

This release provides an initial version of all of the off-line tools required
to build the data files for TIesr for a custom vocabulary or a complete
language. Documentation can be found in the
Documentation/TIesr_Data_Training.txt file. The release also contains an example
of how to build the data files in TIesr_Tools/Example. A detailed file at
TIesr_Tools/Example/ReadMe.txt gives a tutorial on using the tools to create a
data file set.  Please note that in order to create the data files for another
language a large dictionary and database of speech in the language must be
available for training of the data files. These databases will not be provided
as part of the release.

Some bugs in the APIs and tools have been corrected.  The TIesrDict API and
TIesrFlex API interfaces have been modified to include an extra parameter
needed to turn off automatic insertion of closure models for stop consonants.

In order to accommodate the TIesr tools better, the directory structure was
altered slightly to move the tools provided originally in the TIesrSI/tools
directory to the TIesr_Tools directory. This new directory is now the central
location for release of TIesr off-line tools, and also contains documentation
on how to use them and a tutorial in the Example directory.

The TIesr_Tools.txt file that documents the tools that display the
contents of the acoustic model and network files output by the TIesrFlex API
has been renamed to TIesr_Display_Tools.txt in order to avoid confusion with
the TIesr_Tools directory.

Tasks Remaining
---------------

In this release there are still tasks remaining to be accomplished, and these
will be addressed in subsequent releases. The following is a list of tasks
remaining. This list is not complete or organized by priority.

- This release provides the tools necessary to build data file sets so that one
can use TIesr to recognize speech in another language, or with alternative
English data. The provided tools enable: (1) the construction of a pronunciation
dictionary that provides substantial coverage of the language to be recognized;
(2) training a set of pronunciation decision trees from the dictionary; (3)
constructing a compressed dictionary; (4) training a set of phonetic acoustic
models and extracting the information; (5) constructing a tree that represents
acoustic similarities of phones in a language; (6) constructing of data files
for clustering the acoustic feature Gaussian probability density functions used
in acoustic models. Some tools that compress the resulting data file sets into a
much smaller footprint have not been ported to the release yet. A subsequent
release will contain these tools.

- The TIesr algorithm that returns a confidence measure is designed for larger
vocabulary tasks, where grammars contain many words. The confidence measure
becomes less accurate for small vocabularies. This will be addressed in a
subsequent release.

- TIesr provides many advanced setting capabilites to tune recognizer footprint
and performance. These are not documented in this release. A subsequent release
will document the advanced settings, and provide a technical description of the
recognizer algorithms. It will describe formats of the binary files used by
TIesr.

- The TIesr software has been a developing code base written by several
engineers. Much clean-up of the code and addition of comments is needed,
especially in the lower level signal processing APIs.